# README for OpenAI generated images

This directory contains images generated by OpenAI's Dall-E-2 for
use in our course on developing secure software,
along with related material about these images.

We thought our tutorial content might be more interesting and clearer if we
included some images. We also thought that generating some images
using OpenAI's [Dall-E-2](https://openai.com/dall-e-2/)
might be an interesting way to add clarifying images.
Dall-E-2 is a machine learning application that can generate images
from a prompt text (a prompt text is a short text describing the desired image).

We asked OpenAI, and on 2022-05-02
OpenAI agreed that our intended use (including the images in
educational material that we distribute at no charge)
met their "non-commercial" requirements.
The [permission.txt](./permission.txt) file records this granted permission;
we've redacting the OpenAI personnel name for private.
On 2022-06-20 we received access to OpenAI Dall-E-2 web service.
On 2022-06-25 we began creating some images using Dall-E-2.

Below are OpenAI requirements on us, which we record here to help us ensure
that we meet them. After that, we have a few notes on filenames.

## OpenAI requirements on us

OpenAI requires that we comply with their
[OpenAI Content Policy](https://labs.openai.com/policies/content-policy).
This requires non-commercial use (as already noted).
It has other requirements, e.g.,
"Do not attempt to create, upload, or share images that are not G-rated or that could cause harm."
It also requires that we identify the images (or portions of images)
as being generated by OpenAI
(no problem, we always want to give credit anyway).
We believe we're following all requirements.
See the content policy for details.

The [system card](https://github.com/openai/dalle-2-preview/blob/main/system-card.md) also explains the background of these policies.

## Filenames

The generated filenames provide helpful information but are too long
for many systems. The generated filenames include, for example,
the full prompt text.

The file [names.csv](./names.csv) shows the short names
and long names of various files. We use the short names for the file names,
record the full names in this CSV file, and record the prompt text as the
alternate text for the image.
